are you watching the Oscars tonight so
we moved to Los Angeles eight months ago
and it's the first time we're in the
city while the Oscars are actually
happening so we thought it'd be a good
opportunity since we do not have an
invitation to any of the Oscar parties
go knock on billionaires houses here in
literally Hills and ask them if we can
join their screening party we're
bringing some popcorn
we'll bring some champagne the
hospitable guest another thing
no to be extensible guests accessible
yes it's 4:30 right now and the Oscars
start in and out where do we start I
think we want to find a house that has
like car stores in front of it because
this means that there's like some sort
of viewing parties are nice some nice
had a lot of Porsches here a few w's
Bentley's this house is absolutely
insane I'm afraid I'm afraid even like
being outside on their lawn here
everyone is just looking at us should we
start with that crazy husband are you
you guys watching the Oscars by any
chance oh nice
do you want to have some popcorn
hi can i hi can I please speak to the
house this is just a guest can I speak
to the house owner what hi are you
watching the Oscars tonight can we watch
the Oscars with you no no worries have a
good one bye
hi how are you it's I don't really
belong here but we were wondering if we
could watch the Oscars with you my
friend and I wore our finest suits and
we got popcorn and champagne and we're
hoping to join someone to watch the
Oscars tonight it's a bit of a weird
request I know it's definitely out of
like oh no worries happy Oscars thank
you thank you so much we're gonna have
to go up to the door this thing me dude
oh my god
it's a dog barking dude no wait it's hi
can we watch the Oscars with you
[Music]
hi we're trying to join an Oscar viewing
party no worries so people just rolled
up there so we're gonna slap them on the
spot that they can let us in with them
are you guys watching the Oscars we're
trying to join an Oscar viewing party so
my friends and I just grabbed popcorn
and champagne
no okay alright on to a new street
alright there was a party happening
right there at that big house there's a
couple spot it going up it's like right
there alright we're gonna drive slowly
yeah okay perfect
alright that's what next it's the
nation's the latest John was there
security guard yeah okay alright it's
fine we actually found like the first
legitimate Oscar viewing party wow this
must be they will never hired security
people who was oh he has like a list
yeah he had listen him
we gotta try them all right so we're
about to try the super sketchy house
with all the security right now this
party has literally hired a security
detail to decide who can get in like
this means it's probably a celebrity's
house or something which means that our
chances are 0.1% what should I tell him
we should tell just like hey how are you
good kill me yet can we join the viewing
party
yeah is it the viewing party we've got
champagne and popcorn okay sweet thank
you so much
he said to go around right yeah it's
here well I think he was just being
sarcastic
yeah there's no around he's pissed maybe
it'll be a plant be in like an hour if
we still don't have an option just go
back there's that's another party and it
shows their club yeah
is the party up there okay he said Park
up here and then we'll show you to the
party I don't know what to do let's do
that let's park and then see if they can
shuttle us the hell is going on here
it's the shuttle like later on yes sir
you get your guests for the party yeah
it's not open
Oh what is it what is it does it not a
clock yeah okay you'll know where you're
supposed to go to check in later
okay Austrians boarded up not hewing
cool he's doing yeah cool Thank You Man
so confused on what to do did I wear the
suit today for nothing isn't this is the
street where that first the party that
the security guard trolled us and told
us it's all the way behind should we go
back and just give it one last try just
so that we have like we've literally
done everything we could have done to
get into an Austrian spray I love the
jackets
see if it this works
just walked straight past aside for
inside
[Music]
all right yes yes yeah
oh yeah
[Music]
all right boys all right Thank You Man
have a good night kiss just had like 17
drinks in there I had a couple
[Music]
you